# www.goldenduas.com
Solve problem between Christians, Muslims and Jewish in the world  Hello, It is seen from Revelation chapter 17:7 as follows 17:7  And the angel said to me, Why were you surprised? I will make clear to you the secret of the woman, and of the beast on which she is seated, which has the seven heads and the ten horns. against which the entrance of the European parliament the secret of the woman, and of the beast on which she is seated and the same is reflected  bad symbol against entire European Countries. why it was not deleted in the interest of my Christians brothers and sisters who are living in the European countries.   We are informing you in the interest of BUILDING RELATIONS AND BREAKING BARRIERS between Jewish, Christians and the Muslims in the world for the following reasons.             In the Quran verses 7:137 and 167 may kindly read and record as follows.            137. And We made the people who were considered weak to inherit the eastern parts of the land and the western parts thereof which We have blessed. And the fair Word of your Lord was fulfilled for the Children of Israel, because of their endurance. And We destroyed completely all the great works and buildings which Fir'aun (Pharaoh) and his people erected.     167. And (remember) when your Lord declared that He would certainly keep on sending against them (i.e. the Jews), till the Day of Resurrection, those who would afflict them with a humiliating torment. Verily, your Lord is Quick in Retribution (for the disobedient, wicked) and certainly He is Oft-Forgiving, Most Merciful (for the obedient and those who beg Allah's Forgiveness).                       Its rather unfortunate that Israel Government failed to approach the UN  council and all other countries in the world to declare Palestinian as a State in the Israel in view of the  Quran verses 7:137  in the interest of  unity in the world.                       Besides,Quran verse 7:167 is similar to  Zechariah verse 12:2 may look into by all the Jewish in the world.                                      www.goldenduas.com               BUILDING RELATIONS AND BREAKING BARRIERS            All the Jewish, Christians and Muslims in the   world ought to have followed old testament and quran   on the reasons that we are all the follows of our prophet  Abraham who is our father of all the Nations. prophet Abraham  God is one to all the Nations and all the Religious.It cannot said   that Allah is seprate and Abraham, Jesus and Moses God is seprate.       It is pertinent to note that Genesis verse 16:12,Zechariah 12:2 and Psalms   verse 83 are relating to Jewish, but not relating to Christians  the aforesaid verses are came into force, When no Christians   and Muslims were lived and it cannot said that two verses are   indicated to the Muslims by the Christians. As a matter of fact,  between Christians and Muslims, there is no co-operations.       In support of the above verses every Christians can interpret Zechariah verse which is relating to Jewish and Isreal and Palestine.       Every Christians can look into the matter in the interest   Co-operation between Christians and Muslims in the world.          Praise the lord  V.Mohamed Ali  Research Associates of International development  Sakkimangalam,Madurai,  Tamilnadu,India- 625201
